Achieve Budgeted Financial Targets
Focus: Financial (Sustain, Protect, Grow)

I have been successful in streamlining the Production Support effort, which has lead to directing the appropriate requests to appropriate teams.
Keeping focus on what teams/members should take the required action for a particular issue/circumstance

I have been successful at delivering our projects on time.

I have always managed to be in the budget and also suggested cost effective methods to improve the overall costs and resource management. 
---------
Build and Innovate in Key Global Markets; Continue Rapid Progress in Digital and Service Innovation; Implement Transformational Initiatives
Focus: Innovation (Technology)

Exadata is management decision and we will adopt to it once we have approvals and prirorities.

I have always heard from all team members before making decision which has helped the team and the individuals grow and we have achieved reliable solutions 
-------------------

Drive Customer Focus & Innovation
Focus: Business Partners (Brand)

I have been very successful at working with various teams and different regions ensuring we expose and be transparent inorder to help other teams with our wide data platform where many teams benefit from.

I have always ensured that I prioritize the Business issues vs. planned activities vs. support issues. I have always escalated the issue to gain clarity and resolve the appropriate.

I have always given priority to my tasks and work. 

---------------------

Strengthen Global Talent Management
Focus: Resources (People)

I have been successful at working with cross regoin teams mainly EMEA IT and DSO.
During the Overlay AAD project there were certains observations, which I learnt and will help and be very effective in our next collaborative projects like New Issue Uploader.

I have been involved in interviewing and giving feedback to create our DS team. We have been very successful at finding appropraite candidates.

We as a team have been very successful at reusing our framework for upcoming and in progress projects.

I have made sure to encourage my team members acknowledging thier good work and putting into perspective how their good work helps business. I also make sure thier efforts and achievements are recognized by our upper management i.e Joe.F and Jim.S.
I make sure the achieevements are showcased and displayed to broader team members and business partners whereever possible.

I have helped DSO understand and align to our current processes and gain clarity on what action needs to be taken under what circumstance to cutdown on any delays and create a transparent process where possible.

I have been successful at cross training my team mostly on all processes so that everyone on the team has knowledge and are covered under many showstopper scenarios and situations. 